[DRAFT] Refactor DPO (#3906)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/dpo_trainer.md

| `"hinge"` | The [RSO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2309.06657) authors propose to use a hinge loss on the normalized likelihood from the [SLiC](https://huggingface.co/papers/2305.10425) paper. In this case, the `beta` is the reciprocal of the margin. |
| `"ipo"` | The [IPO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2310.12036) authors argue the logit transform can overfit and propose the identity transform to optimize preferences directly; TRL exposes this as `loss_type="ipo"`. |
| `"exo_pair"` | The [EXO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2402.00856) authors propose reverse-KL preference optimization. Setting non-zero `label_smoothing` (default `1e-3`) gives a simplified pairwise EXO (see Eq. 16). The full method uses `K>2` SFT completions and approaches PPO as `K` grows. |
| `"nca_pair"` | The [NCA](https://huggingface.co/papers/2402.05369) authors shows that NCA optimizes the absolute likelihood for each response rather than the relative likelihood. |

> | `"robust"` | The [Robust DPO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2403.00409) authors propose an unbiased DPO loss under noisy preferences. Use `label_smoothing` in [`DPOConfig`] to model label-flip probability; set it above 0.0 (up to 0.5). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `"robust"` | The [Robust DPO](https://huggingface.co/papers/2403.00409) authors propose an unbiased DPO loss under noisy preferences. Use `label_smoothing` in [`DPOConfig`]  to model label-flip probability; valid values are in the range `[0.0, 0.5)`. |
```
